Record of Leaves of Absence

Conscription of labor from the city of Gurabad.
By command of Parvezravan, the Spirit of Victory, and by the grace of Al-Ahmar, we were able to set up a camp here to protect ourselves from the vicious and the wicked.

We must ensure that wages are good, and the supply and distribution remains smooth, such that the workers may feed, clothe, and protect themselves.
We must ensure that the positions of legal scholars, soldiers, and physicians be filled so as to deal with injuries, disputes, the aftermath of mishaps, and lawsuits arising from corporal punishment.
We must ensure that construction sites be installed with shops, dormitories, infirmaries, taverns, and cemeteries to prevent disruption of the laborers by external affairs.
Compensation of laborers shall be settled via reed paper proofs that shall be destroyed by the deadline, and the funds are to be issued without delay.

Dispatch the strong to build high walls for the camp.
Dispatch the skillful to dig pits and traps for the camp.
Dispatch the clever to ready high towers in anticipation of oncoming foes.
Dispatch the meticulous to make swords and halberds for the brave warriors that will surely come.
It should not take more than twenty days from the excavation of the first shovelful of earth to the forging of the last sword.

Rumors have scattered like sand in the wind through the city of Gurabad, of an apostate in a brass mask gathering accomplices in a hidden oasis, in a futile attempt to issue a ridiculous challenge to Parvezravan.
This traitor has made the burning sun and yellow sand his foe, and his accomplices gather once every seven days. Precautions must be taken.

Engrave the causes for laxness,
So that the generations who come after may know of such preposterous conduct,
and that even the most negligent workers may be alerted to the fact that "Labor is the foundation of freedom."

...

Day 2
Three people were choked by sweeping sand, and they took one day off.

...

Day 9
Ten people were scorched by the radiant sun, and they took one day off.

...

Day 16
Twelve people were choked by sweeping sand, and they took one day off.