We shall bring the anecdotes of Black Fox Itaru to a close for now. Please forgive me for nagging, but I have some old matters I wish to comment on.
Now, it is no longer well-known how exactly Urakusai angered Lady Saiguu at that time. However, Lady Yae did offer to tell me some snippets of the history she experienced after having between two and eight drinks.
This is a novel, of course, so I naturally would like to turn these words into a story of what history has not recorded.
When the Kitsune Saiguu departed from the Hakushin Lands to take up her post at the Grand Narukami Shrine, Lady Yae still had yet to be born. As such, her early years were filled with stories and tales about Saiguu, and she loved and respected her greatly.
This is also why Lady Yae would eventually come to the Grand Narukami Shrine herself after embarking on her own travels.

Due to their closeness by blood, Lady Saiguu doted upon Lady Yae quite a bit, though Lady Yae speaks as little as possible about those times as she may nowadays...
—And while I as a novelist write to entertain, I shall refrain from revealing too much about Lady Yae's past, lest I suffer under the editor-in-chief's mighty pen.

But back to Urakusai. It is no longer clear how Urakusai angered Lady Saiguu back in the day, but it is known that his deeds may have had some connection to the later incursion of the Abyss.
However, after Urakusai had been driven out, the Kitsune Saiguu would no longer dwell at the Grand Narukami Shrine, but would instead set up permanent residence at Tenshukaku.

"A disaster that will engulf heaven and earth is coming. My duty is to defend the people and protect our lord, and so I must go to the Shogun's side."

When Lady Saiguu departed the second time, Lady Yae was but a young girl. The person she had pursued all this time now left her again. It was not until the untimely disaster swept across the archipelago that we understood the meaning of Lady Saiguu's words...
But it was too late, and things had not turned out as we would have wished.
This time, Lady Saiguu left a third time. This time, she departed forever.

Five centuries may seem long to mortals, but the joys and sorrows left by the things that happened during that time, whether to fleeting existences or enduring ones, are not easy to erase.