(An old notebook. Someone has written in it with neat handwriting.)
I don't know if anyone will ever read this, but...
Jackpot! Congratulations! You've discovered a posthumous testament!
Yeesh, but is that really something worth celebrating? Well, whatever. I suppose I should be pleased that someone has found my last words, so I'll just pretend that I'm the one being congratulated.
To briefly summarize, I got trapped in this room when I was adventuring on this island. Try as I might, I couldn't find a way out.
I ran out of food, and then I ran out of ideas. I'm about to be done for.

And that's when I thought of my dear sweet Linda in Mondstadt... Hah, as if! Agh, I never would have become an adventurer if I'd had a girlfriend.
No, what I thought about was what my aunt said before I set off. She said I'd always been sickly, knew nothing of hard work, and was scatter-brained and gullible, and that sooner or later, I'd get myself into a pickle that I couldn't get out of.
I was so mad then, but when I think back on it now, her voice was nasal, like she was forcing back tears... or maybe that was just from the cold she had caught the day before, hahaha.

...Is it too late to regret having become an adventurer now?
At first, it was the thirst for adventure that made me take my first steps. But now, all these years later, I still haven't seen any amazing sights and I barely make enough Mora to make ends meet.
That is to say, it was only after becoming an adventurer that I discovered that real life isn't anything like the exciting and glamorous life imagined by a layman.
"There are no shortcuts in this life. Everyone will have some pains that are left unspoken of."

Speaking of regrets... there's really no point regretting things. Everyone, no matter which path they take in life, will have their own pain and obtain their own happiness because of it.
You could say that I'm happy now... Actually, never mind. It's way too cold for me to be happy right now.
Oof... Well, I think this is it. I'm starting to lose consciousness. Heh, I really wish I could eat some Sweet Madame from Mondstadt... Just let me have one Sweet Madame...

Wolfgang