
(1) Take a lizard and remove its horns and guts. (2) Peel off the skin. (3) Skewer, and roast evenly on both sides till cooked through.
Horned Lizards are somewhat pungent and have a bitter aftertaste. The experience of eating it for the first time is often likened to sucking on an ammonia-soaked sweaty kerchief, but it is perfectly safe to eat. Those with standards should consider adding condiments to mask the natural flavor.

2. Dada Steak

(1) Take a freshly cut boar steak and salt on both sides (profuse sweaters may skip this step). (2) Wrap the steak in a thin cloth and strap it tightly to your back before engaging in a morning of intense physical activity. (3) Unwrap and enjoy!
Boar meat is packed with energy. Seasoned with ample salt and gently heated by body heat and the sun, it maintains its natural chewy texture while masking the strong gamey flavor. Serve with a thick slice of crusty bread and Wolfhooks for the ultimate treat!

3. Ice and Fire Salad

(1) Chop a Cryo Slime into small chunks. (2) Chop a Pyro Slime into larger chunks. (3) Mix with assorted fruits and herbs. Add salt to taste.
The combination of refreshing ice, spicy heat, and zesty fruits packs a powerful punch and is sure to be savored for some time afterwards.
If you notice an excessive change in the Slimes' body temperature during the preparation of this dish, be sure to promptly hit them with the blunt edge of your knife or with a baton to knock them unconscious. This is so as to avoid injury.

4. Stone-Baked Casserole

(1) Collect some stones and arrange them in a circle, then place a Pyro Slime in the center. (2) Build a stove using more stones and move the cooking pot into position. (3) Place wild game, vegetables, lizards, crickets, and Sweet Flowers into the pot. Cover with water and add salt. (4) Bring to a boil then simmer for at least half an hour.
This eclectic dish has something for everyone: from crisp crickets to luscious lizards, from the richness of wild game to the freshness of wild vegetables. It also goes a long way. You can add chunks of used Pyro Slime to your dessert, or mix them with broth to make a whole new dish.
