She followed the dappled light and shade until she entered a long-since ruined forest. With each step she took, a thousand Nilotpala Lotuses bloomed in her wake. Every calamity — raging fires, death, and destruction — all receded before the wonder of her wisdom. Fragrant flowers bloomed and proliferated again in this dead domain and remain as abundant today as the gravel in the Ardravi River. Even hurricanes abated into gentle exhalations before her singing, causing the bells on her lapels to sway as they rang out elegantly. All the spirits, their envoys, humans, and the inhuman rejoiced and praised her name, for she is indeed the most sagacious and the most merciful.

In the depths of the forest, she collected grass to use as an instrument, picked flowers for a crown, and played a flawless tune with a Karrenay. In an instant, thousands of demonic troops were reduced to dust and scattered to the four winds, never to be found again. She gently brushed away the tears of the forest creatures and soothed their anguish, just as she once blew the wind of life across the barren sea of sand, like the emissary of an eternal oasis from time immemorial.

But this land remained broken, its heart devoured by evil spirits and monsters who made it their dwelling — a cavern of the damned where neither sun, moon, nor fire shine. The dust they took for treasure and the sludge served as their delicacies, like birds clad in feathers but unable to soar in the skies. She decided that she would go to the dark cave and enter that evil place that none might depart, continuing on this path of no restitution, this sojourn of utmost purity and mercy.

She stepped alone to that emptied earthly heart and softly touched its timeless face, becoming the immortal Gaokerena and the earth itself. Every thread of spiritual knowledge and every sweet-smelling plant is her undying will. Another flourishing sea of flowers rolled around her, jade in color, rosy in fragrance and dewy as heavenly raiment. The songs of a hundred birds surrounded her, praising the life that she had at last reclaimed, like a mortal trading their old clothes for fresh ones, casting off their original shackles, and ascending to the eternal temple.
