Again, sincerest apologies.
The old saying "fifty years of life" speaks about the fifty years we have to live. I, Tousaburou, have lived more than thirty years, and won't have the luxury of enjoying the rest, which I hope to share with Father and Mother instead.
Shizuko, my beloved wife, please do not be angry or sad. There can be no redemption for my misdeed. I merely hope that you can forget your failure of a husband.
Masa, Matsu, please don't feel any regret for me, and please forgive me.
Friends new and old, I am very honored to have met each and every one of you.
Whatever the case may be, I am very sorry.
I, Tousaburou, am no man of culture, and writing is not my expertise. However, I find myself having much to say in my last goodbyes.
If anyone is reading this, please forgive my chattiness.

Ten or so years ago, when I first joined the military, I admired the valor and vigor of our great Ogosho. I yearned to be part of the thunder-struck battles for justice that heroes and legends from hundreds of years ago took part in. I hoped to one day be able to fight and die for true "Eternity."
Now that I think about it, the immature mind of a young man often confuses legends of the past with the present. I actually thought I had the chance to become the perfect hero, like our great Ogosho.
When war actually broke out, our enemies were not demonic attendants or twisted monsters from the abyss. They were ordinary people, just like you and me.
The foes I slew a few days ago may very well have been drinking buddies of mine at the Uyuu Restaurant the very day the Vision Hunt Decree took effect. Or perhaps, some recently-fallen comrade might have been someone that I just had a joyful conversation with.
We should've been brothers, yet we discarded all possibilities of returning to what was good. We had to hate each other, so that we ourselves may survive.
The cruelty and brutality of it all...
This so-called "just war" is the greatest sin.

Though I, Tousaburou speak such scandalous words, I do not blame Her Excellency the Shogun for any of it.
Her Excellency once said thus: since ancient times, wars have been divided into "just" and "unjust" wars.
Unjust wars are born from the swelling of "desire" and the chaos of mortal hearts.
Her Excellency means to collect Visions throughout the world in an effort to realize "Eternity." This is a feat no less than the slaying of the Great Serpent hundreds of years ago.
Using war as the method to rid the world of all who carry delusion in their hearts, and to put an end to the possibility of injustice ever happening — there can be no war more just.

However, any war has its fair share of cruelty, and it is the people fighting that war who bear the burden of responsibility.
I no longer have the strength to continue to serve, and only hope to use what is left of my body to bear my share of sin for Her Excellency.
I hope that her era of eternal prosperity may be realized soon.

My name is Inaba Tousaburou Kyuuzou, and this is my sincerest apology.
