To whoever reads this letter:
I, Kaedehara Yoshinori, have been held to a certain secret throughout my entire life. I don't have much longer in this world, and after much consideration, I've finally decided to disclose the matter.
All those years ago, when I was pursuing the swordsmiths alongside Commissioner Kamisato of the Yashiro Commission, I was not injured by one of the fleeing smiths. 
Rather, it was night, and after the clues led us down to shore, I waited for the culprits to show themselves. However, there were no swordsmiths in sight, only a single suspicious-looking stranger wandering in the area. This stranger claimed to be the one behind the failed forgings and said that his clan was framed by our ancestors and brought low. He then threatened to destroy the Raiden Gokaden.
That person was a very skilled fighter, and in a blink of an eye, half of the accompanying samurai had been defeated. Commissioner Kamisato was severely wounded, and I barely avoided severe injury myself, thanks to my hat blunting a blow to my head.
However, no matter how skilled the man is, he was still a human. The remaining samurai surrounded him and eventually slew him with great effort.
Before his death, he cried in a frenzy, "The Raiden Gokaden should never have existed! Without them, I wouldn't have..." But he didn't live to finish his final words.

Later on, I learned that this person's interference was the cause behind the ill-fated forging. Lord Kamisato knew the significance of this event, but he remained silent, fearing that careless talk might drag others into what might be considered a treasonous crime. Despite his serious wounds, he insisted that we were wounded by the fleeing personnel, and advised me to remain silent. I, being eternally grateful to him for his consideration, and understanding that the situation is not ideal, decided to bury this in my heart.
As the leader of the Kaedehara Clan, I am deeply ashamed that I must witness the decline of the Isshin Art. But, as a father, it is my priority to ensure the safety of my children and grandchildren. If you, the one reading this letter, are a descendant of our house, do not blindly pursue past foes, or be shackled by the deeds and duties of yesteryear, lest you lose yourself.

Yours, Kaedehara Yoshinori