—Ritou—
It's already been a few days since I've arrived in Ritou, and yet the Kanjou Commission still shows no sign of letting me pass. I don't know how long I'll have to stay... I hope Mr. Kurisu will find a way to get me out of here.

Mr. Kurisu is the local commerce chairman. Originally from Fontaine, he is a reserved and friendly gentleman, possessing a certain charm that makes other outlanders feel at home.

I'd heard that Inazuma didn't welcome travelers, but it wasn't until I set foot in Ritou that I realized the severity of the situation.
The Sakoku Decree has been in effect for some time. While many travelers have chosen to stay on the island, many come and go, staying for only a brief period. Many merchants also packed up and went home. Ritou, in its current state, is a gloomy and depressing place.
It is said that hundreds of years ago, Hiroshi of the Hiiragi Clan built this commercial port. He recruited talented merchants to set up shop here and encouraged free trade. Ritou flourished and prospered for some time... But poor Hiroshi would probably turn in his grave if he knew of the state that Ritou is in right now.
Still, his descendant, the current Kanjou Commissioner, seems to be living the good life.
It's enough to leave anyone feeling rather resentful.

After a few days, Mr. Kurisu brought me some good news.
He's heard that the Crux Fleet will stop by briefly in Inazuma. There should be a way for this famous armed fleet to smuggle me to another island, he said. I just need to be patient.
I don't know if Mr. Kurisu's information is reliable, but it's always a good idea to be prepared. First, I must think of a way to get my camp-making and fire-starting tools back from Miss Yurika. I will beg if necessary...

It seems that the Shogunate has attacked another Sangonomiya outpost, inflicting many casualties... or was that the other way around? The few outlanders who remain have all been gossiping. Even those in service of the Commissioner have been spreading various rumors without fear.
It is unclear what has happened, but still more merchants have packed up and gone home. Many military ships have come and gone at the harbor, probably carrying emergency military provisions...

Perhaps I can take advantage of the chaos and confusion to retrieve my stuff from the warehouse.

Oh, and I must also remind myself...not to lose this diary again.
There are diaries with covers that are more beautiful and elegant, of course... but that's no excuse for replacing the old with something new!