...When the Mistress of Pushpavatika heard this, she did not hesitate to humble herself.
Resolute, she descended upon the grand palace of (...) with the intention of testing the princess's wisdom.
Countless maids, servants, and escorts surrounded the ever-gleaming princess,
All dressed in fine linen and silk, like thousands of daytime stars wreathed around the only shining moon.

(Herbad of Haravatat Tafazzoli's Remarks: There is a mistranslation here — The word "silk" in the last sentence should be translated as "a textile that no one had ever seen before" so as not to lead the reader to confuse it with Liyue's regional specialty. Additionally, the "grand palace" mentioned in the second sentence is not a true "palace" in the original text, nor does it refer to any actual "building." Rather, it refers to "a land where the divine is present." It would seem that the researchers of Vahumana who undertook the translation of this volume did not really understand the language of that era, but I shall earnestly annotate this document all the same.)

...The sweet fragrance lingered on the princess on that (hedge? garden? battlefield?),
Like a stream winding around the shattered silver moonlight under the shade of a tree.
From ancient times till now, none have ever beheld such beauty as this,
Just as none have ever witnessed the descent of morning frost in the seventh month.

(Herbad of Haravatat Tafazzoli's Remarks: The word in the first sentence, of which the meaning cannot be determined for the time being, could also be translated as "farmland" or "cemetery".
Herbad of Vahumana Yarshater's Remarks: Many thanks for your comments, Master Tafazzoli. Now we're even more confused as to who the author of this book is writing about.)

...Thus, the Mistress of Pushpavatika spoke:
"Praise be to the Winged One, lord over all the kingdoms of the land."
"I am a spirit created at the beginning, I am a flickering illusion, I am the shimmering light that flows from the eyes of the creator."
"People in far-flung lands sing praises of your wisdom. I wonder then if you could help me to unravel something that has long bewildered me?"
"I will give you these spices, gold, and precious stones as a token of my appreciation if you can solve my three riddles."

That princess of (...) answered thusly:
"Praise be to the Winged One, the truth that rules over all the kingdoms of the land."
"I am the owner of yesterday and the master of tomorrow morning, but never have I seen beauty and elegance such as yours."
"Mistress of Pushpavatika, whatever doubts you may harbor in your mind, you may raise them with me without reservation."
"For these spices, gold, and precious stones, even when added together, cannot compare to the value of imparting knowledge."
