Continuing where we left off, Black Fox Itaru marched off to talk some sense into the dishonest merchant.

The Lavender Melon merchant, Dozaemon, was once a samurai. But with peace having prevailed in Inazuma for so long, his sword skills offered no further use, so he became a merchant in the village instead. After learning a few swindler's tricks, such as extortion, intimidation, and judicious use of his fierce appearance, no one dared confront him no matter how much he took from them. Over time, he had become one of the wealthiest people in the village.

On this day, Dozaemon was relaxing in front of his shop when all of a sudden, he saw dust flying and felt the ground shaking. Then, a shadow large enough to dwarf his shop slowly fell over his face.

"Hey! I want to buy some melons!"

Dozaemon narrowed his eyes and sized up the muscular, fierce-looking, and ill-mannered customer standing over him like an executioner, before finally realizing — oh, she's a woman...!

"How many?"

Apparently, this customer was in no hurry to answer. She was too busy admiring his wakizashi, which was lying on the chopping board:

"Mighty fine blade you got there."

"You got that right. I'll have you know I'm from a samurai clan. It's only fitting that I keep an heirloom nearby."

Dozaemon went along with the conversation, unaware of where it was heading.

"Shame. It's wasted on chopping melons."

Dozaemon sensed that this was an intentionally barbed remark, and he did not look happy about it:

"What's with all the chit-chat? Are you buying melons or not?"

"Oh, I am, I am."

Itaru smiled at Dozaemon as a gesture of apology.

"Four pounds of chopped Lavender Melon, without the skins, please."

Dozaemon's suspicions were aroused, but he did not question the request. He promptly chopped four pounds of melon and placed it onto the scale.

"Hey, how come your scale's all wonky?"

Dozaemon grasped his blade the moment Itaru said this.

"Well, isn't that something — this scale's got a mind of its own!"

"Glad you're so amused. But it's time to pay up now."

Dozaemon could no longer hold back his anger. The time for pleasantries was over — it was time to talk sense.

"Heh, I don't have a problem with paying you what you're due... I'm just not sure you'd be able to take it."

"Oh, don't you worry — I'll take whatever you've got to give!"

"You sure about that!?"

"Try me!"

Suddenly, Itaru yelled "take this!" and threw a bag full of Mora directly at Dozaemon's face. Dozaemon didn't react in time, and took the full force of the impact square on the nose. He fell backwards onto the ground as his precious wakizashi went flying from his hand and fell beside him. On closer inspection, his nose had been squashed completely flat by the bag of Mora: It looked just like the kind of pouch one might use to store a pipe, only without the pipe inside.

Itaru walked over and pressed her foot down on the dishonest merchant's chest. Without a word, she hit Dozaemon so hard it felt like a Liyue martial arts tournament was being hosted on his face. With great difficulty, he fought to get back on his feet, but just as he had stood up and grabbed his blade, Itaru noticed and landed another ferocious blow to his head. This time, it hit so hard that a pair of tanuki ears popped out in response. He began to beg for mercy.

Itaru burst out laughing at the sight in front of her. So, the merchant is a youkai in disguise — and a filthy tanuki at that!

Itaru promptly confiscated the tanuki's stolen wakizashi, distributed most of its ill-gotten wealth among the villagers, and handed the rest to the mother and daughter who had fallen victim to its scheme earlier. Itaru spared the tanuki's life — albeit not without some reluctance — and continued on her way.