We must ensure that wages are good, and the supply and distribution remains smooth, such that the workers may feed, clothe, and protect themselves, and labor freely.
We must ensure that all laborers receive basic education and training, that they may understand both technical skills and laws alike.
We must ensure that the positions of legal scholars, soldiers, and physicians are filled so as to deal with injuries, disputes, the aftermath of mishaps, and lawsuits arising from corporal punishment.
We must ensure that construction sites are installed with shops, dormitories, infirmaries, taverns, and cemeteries, and that they should be guarded well with many soldiers to prevent the laborers from entering or leaving freely. This is to prevent disruption of their work by any external factors.
Compensation of laborers will be settled via reed paper proofs that shall be destroyed by the deadline. Private exchange for silver is to be prohibited, and the funds are to be issued without delay. Hard currency may also be used to settle such matters. The uses of such funds will be limited to purchasing goods, paying rent, and the maintenance of tools. They may not be used for any other matter.
Those who take leave shall have their wages decreased by half, and those who miss work shall be severely punished.
In recent days, the Brass Mask insurgents appear to be rearing their ugly heads once more. Laborers are to bring inked seals with them to work at all times. Those found bearing an inked seal from the incorrect day shall be regarded as being in cahoots with the rebels.
Slavery is to be abolished. His Majesty, Parvezravan, hereby revokes all unequal slave contracts, and the special privileges granted to slave owners throughout the four corners of the earth. Rich or poor, all shall stand on their own strength from this day forth.
To prevent the wicked rot of the Brass Mask sympathizers, all associations and assemblies must be reported. If more than ten assemble unreported, then one in three people shall be executed. If more than five gather unannounced, then two of them shall be whipped.