To my dear Jeht, loveliest of daughters,
A thousand hugs and kisses to you. May the unchanging moonlight grant you a thousand blessings, and may the blazing sun smile upon you alone!
I imagine that you'd be a bright, beautiful young lady by the time you read this, hmm?
Know that I am here this night, imagining your future beauty. My intellect and looks, and your father's stubborn tenacity combined! I imagine you wearing the graduation gown of the Akademiya. I imagine you, proudly standing at the head of your own household. I see Jebrael and myself, full of joy at the wonderful life you lead even as we grow old together...
Haha! I know what you're thinking, you bad girl! You're thinking that you should read these words out loud so you can embarrass me, hmm?
Be that as it may, I'd like you to see these hopes and blessings that I wrote down, and that I imagined a lovely, happy future for us.
It does feel kind of strange if you think about it. I mean, this was supposed to be an academic notebook... But it ended up being full of my hopes and dreams for you. Is this how mothers are? So... sentimental?
Still, I wish that the day would come when we can all be proud of each other — though destiny might render our little sand dune a wreck, and though all the lovely expectations that we hold may be lost... I hope that you can look into my eyes and tell me that even with my lack of experience as a mother, ours was not a relationship defined by regrets.
I'm sorry that I wasn't able to give you the best family.
But I'm glad that I could be your mother, and Jebrael's wife.

Really, now! Just as I am writing this, little one, you are making a ruckus in my arms, painting your own face with ink-dipped dark hands... Do you mean to become an artist? Or a wandering desert demon that shall keep your mother's nightmares at bay?
Alright, alright. Sleep now, my baby gazelle.
Allow me to pen this song down that shall send you into peaceful dreams. May you remember it, just as you remember me:

O stars high above the wasteland,
O nightingales weary from the day,
It's time to take off your crowns of roses,
Cleanse yourself with wine made from grapes.

Sleep, sleep.
The eternal oasis welcomes the lonely wanderer,
And here the crisp springs flow,
And the memories are forever sweet.

Sleep, sleep.
Yon golden slumber summons thee, wandering sand,
Drink not that bitter salt water,
For the sorrows of tomorrow have gone away.