The Mistress of Pushpavatika almost jumped for joy, but her beautiful face remained cold.
Bowing ever so slightly, she recited her third riddle.

Thus said the Mistress of Pushpavatika:
"O wise Princess, you have grasped the secrets between the stars and abyss."
"But there are more things in this world than the transient — for some things are eternal in their brilliance."
"O wise Princess, if your wisdom is truly as the legends of the people say,"
"Please answer my final question as you did my second riddle."
"What cannot stop arrows, yet can stop destruction,"
"Cannot destroy armor, yet can destroy cities,"
"Does not submit to envoys from above, nor kingdoms down below,"
"What can neither gods nor demons, for all their might, prevail over?"

That princess of (...) answered thusly:
"You speak of endless wisdom, it is what protects the civilization of (...)."
"It will be reborn with (...), and remain eternal like (...)."
"Even if the sands of time swirl beneath its feet, it will still remain like (...) ten million years after."
"The people will rejoice because of its (...), and it will (...) because of them."

(Herbad of Haravatat Tafazzoli's Remarks: The omissions here are not intentional. Instead, they are due to the damaged state of the book. Some omissions can be inferred from the remains of the original. Regrettably, the researchers of Vahumana who undertook the translation of this volume did not possess the relevant knowledge, so I will make up for that in part.
The missing word in the first segment: "Mine (Ours)," "Eternity," or "All,"
The missing word in the third segment: It seems to be a person's name, but the phrase "preserved remains" can be inserted too,
The first missing word in the fourth segment: "Return," or "Death," or "Rebirth".
The remaining words cannot be inferred at this time.
Herbad of Vahumana Yarshater's Remarks: ...You didn't tell me any of this at the time, huh?)

The princess had answered all three riddles, and no secrets could stymie her.
The Mistress of Pushpavatika could not help but feel utmost admiration toward the princess.

Thus, the Mistress of Pushpavatika spoke:
"O benevolent, wise, and eternal Princess,"
"Your wisdom does far surpass the legends."
"Blessed are your kin, fortunate are your people,"
"For they can be by your side, heeding your teachings."

...And so the two princesses forged a strong alliance, and also with the king of (Blood? Resentment? Red Crown?) who was by their side from beginning to end. They worked together, leading the people of (...) to eternal prosperity.
