I seem to have lost yet another diary... I don't understand, I even made sure to say to myself three times: "Whatever you do, don't lose your diary." But then I got caught up in my adventure, and it went straight out of my head. I waste so much paper every year... I do hope the Dendro Archon won't mind.

I have arrived at a mountain lake located high on Mt. Aocang. To get here, I had to hike up a winding dirt trail, make my way across perilous wooden walkways built by herb gatherers in ancient times, and then scale a steep, wet cliff. I was told by some fishermen that the lake is a thousand furlongs deep, but after taking a dip in the water I can safely say that their statements were pure hyperbole.

The Qingce Village elders were right after all: the mountain lake's water is sweet and warm. This place certainly lives up to its reputation as a celestial paradise! Back when I had just arrived in Jueyun Karst, an old farmer told me that the adepti possess a mysterious magical ability that lets them turn into mist and roam in the sea of clouds. I dismissed it as an old wives' tale at the time, but seeing the way the mist over the lake rises up to the summit and merges together with the sea of clouds, it does make me wonder... The adeptus I've been searching for could be roaming the clouds at the summit right now, for all I know, and I would be completely oblivious to it.

I headed east down Mt. Aocang and ended up thoroughly lost in a thick forest. Finally, I came to a clearing and discovered I was back at the banks of the Bishui River. I have an excellent view of the surrounding area here, so I think this is where I'll camp for the night.

While I was sorting through my things at the camp, I met a young lady who looked like she was out on a treasure hunt. She was called Eduarda, and she explained that she was heading west to look for a "Miraculous Lake" at the foot of Mt. Aocang:

"Legends tell of an adeptus who lives beside a lake at the foot of Mt. Aocang on the northern side. If that's true, then that's sure to be where the adeptus keeps their secret treasure, too... Mwuhahaha, I know exactly what I'll do when I get my hands on that treasure!"

Then she quickly changed her tune, as if suddenly realizing how she sounded: "I... I'd contact the Guild, and report to them if I found it! I am a proud member of the Adventurers' Guild, and I have absolutely no connection to the Treasure Hoarders!"

Indeed, some adventurers are in the business for material wealth alone. I'm reminded of that classic Liyue saying, "To each their unfathomable own"... But whatever her motivations, she is a fellow adventurer nonetheless, and a genuine one at that.

I must say, I was tempted to head west in search of this fabled "Miraculous Lake" myself after hearing Eduardo talk about it. But in the end I decided to stick with my existing plan. Barring any unforeseen circumstances, I will proceed to the Guili Plains to see what sights and treasures are waiting to be discovered there. And hopefully I won't lose my diary again this time — again, barring any unforeseen circumstances. I can't lose another one... May any unforeseen circumstances be well and truly barred.
