"Captain, forgive my bluntness, but you were sleeping the whole time during that meeting earlier."
"Huh, so you noticed?"
"Oh, you were sitting quite upright, but I've seen this happen too many times before. Captain, I'd ask you not to use your training as a martial artist in this manner. A written report isn't going to save you if the fleet commander hears of this."
So Mahasti said, but in truth, no one had ever dared to touch his superior. Amidst the delicate balance that Allied Fleet Command maintained internally, his middle-aged captain and superior, Bitchuu Kyuubei, also known as Shinkurou, now also known as "Semimaru" using some truly lame pronunciation, was the very same person who everyone was trying to court to their side, and the one most likely to break this deadlock.
This was a whole decade ago now...
Shinkurou thought to himself quietly.

That one victorious battle at Asada Village, on reflection, had been nothing but a minor test of Shinkurou's military prowess. But for the parties involved, this could be called the beginning of the disaster.
As expected, the Tai-Shogun would not permit such a talented person to wander in the wild.
Not long after, Shinkurou would be blinded in both eyes and thrown into jail.
This state of affairs lasted until five years ago, when the Imagawa Clan was defeated by an allied army formed under the Oome daimyo clan, beheading its leader in the process. From then, the nation and its people would finally experience a period of peace...
That was what the new Seii Tai-Shogun told Shinkurou personally in while the latter was in prison.
Shinkurou had never in his life seen the common folk able to work and live and peace, and this strange Tai-Shogun was likely no saint, either. The general amnesty was something that simply had to be done to win the people over.
As he reminisced, Shinkurou could not help but sigh: whether in the past or now, people like him would always be at the center of the vortex, whether they liked it or not.

"As far as this country is concerned, people like me are traitors, and I suppose that is also the case in this vast universe."
The Shogun looked at the sitting Shinkurou and spoke in an indifferent voice.
"The Imperial Tax is no longer something that this tiny planet in a corner of the universe can take up. And someone of your ability should be free to flex it amidst the stars."
"Your clan and given names were taken by that cretin Imagawa, yes, but abandon that past. From now on, you shall be known as 'Semimaru.'"

Yes. Someone who no longer had a past, someone whose eyes could no longer behold the many wonders of the universe... Now, its vastness opened before him.