(A neatly-folded but fragile letter with yellowed creases. Upon it is written the following—)

I have never escaped that nightmare. I keep returning to that battlefield where fire scorched the horizon, where monsters warped like shadows, where broken, unrecognizable forms filled the land, and where my screams fell into the silent darkness before they could even make it out of my throat... Ah, and there was my friend, who rescued me from the jaws of the dark hounds... His bow and sword falling from hands robbed of strength, his body slipping into the filthy morass, his mouth half-open as he looked at me... and kept looking...

I was fortunate to return alive from the battle... No, I lost my confidence, forsook the cross-shaped spear in my hands, and abandoned the troops who had taken up common cause against our great, calamitous foe, fleeing the field like a man driven insane. I betrayed the trust the Almighty Shogun had placed in me, dishonored the name that my ancestors had forged till this point. As things stand, I can no longer return to Yashiori, so great is my disgrace. I escaped the battle, but did I truly escape? Every day, I dream of that horrendous battlefield, those pale bloodless faces, my friend calling my name in a voice thin as silk as he sank... Only through the illusions conjured by the Shinrou Casket can I gain fleeting respite.

And to think that when Mother had the Casket brought to me from Mouun Shrine when I was summoned far abroad in my role as Prefect of Yashiori, in hopes that it might alleviate the pain I would suffer in battle, I had boasted thus: "I am the successor to the Kitain name. Surely, mere pain shall not force me to use this thing!" What a terrible joke. The mere thought of it fills me with such shame. What would she, who was once a shrine maiden, think if she could see me now?

...But I tire of wandering abroad. I grow weary of this torture. Today, I have finally returned to this place — the place I dreamed of on countless nights, fearing that I had not escaped it, yet aching to return. My arms may no longer wield a spear like they could in my youth, but this time, I will surely save my friend... I will cleanse this impurity. I will surely follow the Almighty Shogun... to the very end.

— Kitain Hideie