She followed the dappled light and shade until she entered a long-since ruined forest. With each step she took, a thousand Nilotpala Lotuses bloomed in her wake. Every calamity — raging fires, death, and destruction — all receded before the wonder of her wisdom. Fragrant flowers bloomed and proliferated again in this dead domain and remain as abundant today as the gravel in the Ardravi River. Even hurricanes abated into gentle exhalations before her singing, causing the bells on her lapels to sway as they rang out elegantly. All the spirits, their envoys, humans, and the inhuman rejoiced and praised her name, for she is indeed the most sagacious and the most merciful.

In the depths of the forest, she collected grass to use as an instrument, picked flowers for a crown, and played a flawless tune with a Karrenay. In an instant, thousands of demonic troops were reduced to dust and scattered to the four winds, never to be found again. She gently brushed away the tears of the forest creatures and soothed their anguish, just as she once blew the wind of life across the barren sea of sand, like the emissary of an eternal oasis from time immemorial.

But this land remained broken, its heart devoured by evil spirits and monsters who made it their dwelling — a cavern of the damned where neither sun, moon, nor fire shine. The dust they took for treasure and the sludge served as their delicacies, like birds clad in feathers but unable to soar in the skies. So she made a great wish, vowing that she would go into those cankered, rotted courts, setting forth on her sojourn to cleanse the withered land.

All the spirits, their envoys, humans, and the inhuman all watched as she entered the hollowed heart of the mortal world and touched its timeless face. Thus did all the goodness, peace, and wisdom that she had granted unto the world become the immortal Gaokerena, indeed, become the very earth itself. This was the moment when the pure lotuses would bloom. A flourishing sea of flowers rolled all about her, and like jade it appeared, rosy in fragrance and dewy as heavenly raiment. The songs of a hundred birds surrounded her, praising the youth that she had reclaimed. The years lost by the children of humanity were nowhere to be found again, like the wind that flows through the forest, but she returned in spite of all things, showing her incandescent divinity to the world once more, just as she had in the beginning when she sowed the first seeds into the desert sands. It is just as the hymn says:

The path was made straight long ago by the path of a great vow; to break all chains and relieve all woes, and all things sure to know.
The auspice of its radiant light drove foes and demons out; and amidst the rotting smoke did holy wisdom newly sprout.
Behold wisdom's returning light, unclouded near or far; like sunlight through the morning sky, the moon through dome of stars.
The lotuses do richly bloom in wisdom's radiant blaze; amidst this paradise of faith, I lift my hands in praise.