By the time you read this letter, Traveler, I should have already set off for Fontaine.

I'm sorry that I couldn't say goodbye to you in person. As compensation, I've written the recipes for the 3 dishes we made down and stuffed them into this letter. Take care of them for me now, and don't lose them — I spent a whole night writing them down.

I'm sure you want to ask why I'm in such a rush to go to Fontaine. Well, that's a long story. Do you remember that fellow from Fontaine named Nète? After that day, he's constantly tried to convince me to help "advertise" for him. Honestly, I could not be bothered with him, but he seems to have no sense of shame at all. Each time I refuse, and each time he comes back with a grander offer than before... Eventually, he told me that he'd be willing to pay me as much as I asked, so long as I help.

Parvaneh feels that we should stay away from this person, for fear that he might make a villain out of me yet. The old man has advised to not even attempt to guess at the thoughts of evil men, and Julie... Well, she's been the one chasing him away each and every time.

Afterward, we started to plan a new route for our journey. I had originally wanted to return to Liyue for a bit before following the road to Mondstadt for a little look. I mean, Julie hasn't been home in a good long while, and I've always wanted to try Mondstadt's wine.

However, that Nète fellow showed up again. But this time, he wasn't offering me Mora to help him advertise. Instead, he wanted to "sponsor" our journey.

According to him, he will pay for all our expenses if we agree to go to Fontaine next and has promised not to interfere with our business there in the least, or any business we may have elsewhere afterward. He even signed a contract with us — and it's a thick one, alright. Parvaneh spent a few hours combing through it, and she ultimately found nothing wrong with it (if you can believe that!) — apart from an insistence that we must accept an "interview"...

I'm not sure what this fellow actually plans on doing, but since he's made us this offer... Well, I guess that it wouldn't hurt to make a trip to Fontaine.

Whatever the case, we'll be heading there with Nète for the time being.

With Parvaneh around, he won't have any time to even think of doing something untoward, and with the old man and Julie on the case, he's very unlikely to try to use force. And as for me... Well, I'll spend my time coming up with recipes again.

If we have the chance, let's meet again in Fontaine.

Right, one more thing. I'm not going to let Nète pay for our trip to Fontaine. Before we figure out what this person wants, I'm not going to take a single Mora of his. No way.