Dear Kenji

I've thought things over for a very long time before writing this letter. There are so many things I want to say to you, yet my pen falls idle whenever I attempt to start this letter. We learned martial arts together since we were young, and enlisted once we were older. We did everything together. You're like a real brother to me. I never thought that we'd have such a big argument, or that we'd even come to blows over that disagreement.
Kenji, my brother, I regret what I did every moment of every day. If I had been more calm and not been so insistent on leaving, you might not have been as furious as you were. You must think of me as a shameless deserter who has betrayed the Shogun, and that's why you raised a hand against me without letting me explain. I care not about what everyone thinks of me — everyone but you. And that is why I have to write this letter, to tell you how I really feel.
Remember the dreams we shared when we first enlisted? We wanted to show our bravery and swordsmanship to make a name for ourselves and take care of our parents in this time of chaos. We were taught that it was a major offense that the people of Sangonomiya had dared to draw their swords against the Electro Mitsudomoe banner. We were told to end their lives with no reservation, as it was they who chose the path of death. I used to truly believe that. But after that incident, I find that I no longer can.
A battle had just ended at the time. As we withdrew, I found a bloodied letter belonging to a rebel soldier. You may not believe it, but we both know that soldier. When we first enlisted, there was a senior who looked after me for quite a while. That letter is his. In that letter, he wrote that he missed the fishing boat back home, and that he looked forward on returning after the war is over. I never would've thought that he would join the rebels, and that I would meet him on the battlefield under such circumstances.
Ever since my finding that letter, I suddenly came to realize that the rebels are people too. They too have parents they need to take care of, and a home to return to. I then decided to keep the incident of the letter to myself, and hoped to send it back to our senior's family. However, a number of our comrades somehow found out about the incident, and I was treated with ridicule and hostility. You and I come from low birth, yet we were able to quickly rise to the rank of Hatamoto through our hard work and abilities. This has caused many to spread rumors behind our backs. After this incident, the isolation and hostility became worse. It got so bad that our comrades would expose my back to the enemy while we were on the battlefield. I barely escaped death on numerous occasions. Everything that happened has made my heart grow chill. After thinking upon it for a very long time, I decided that if I've been forsaken by my comrades in the Shogunate, and that deep down inside I've developed empathy for my enemies, maybe I should just join them.
Kenji, you've always been the straightforward and magnanimous one between us. You've never noticed the things that were going on. My telling you of the incidents that took place is not to ask for you to understand, but merely to know what it is that's going on in my mind. I am writing to you from the Sangonomiya camp right now, and I hope that the war would have already ended by the time you read this letter. And when that time comes, if you are willing to accept me as your friend once more, we can return home together, just as we had previously planned. None of this matters anymore — not Mora, not honor, not anything. When we enlisted, all we had were our swords and each other, and that's all we need with us when we return.

Respectfully Yours, Masanori