Record of Leaves of Absence

The slaves and maids were conscripted on the same day the inhabitants were conscripted to build the garden of joy.
By command of Parvezravan, the Spirit of Victory, and by the grace of Al-Ahmar, we were able to run workshops at the greatest speed to manufacture textiles.

The slaves should be adequately fed, clothed, and provided with daily recreation, so that rebellion may be avoided.
The positions of fighting slaves, soldiers, and physicians must be filled so as to deal with unexpected problems.
We must ensure that workshops are installed with stores, dormitories, infirmaries, liquor shops, and cemeteries, and that free wrestling performances be held every seven days as a privilege for slaves.
We must ensure that slave quarters are spacious and ventilated so that they can have sufficient rest, and diseases and mosquitoes cannot breed.
We must ensure that all slaves have their long hair cut, so that they shall not be strangled by hair being caught in machines.
Slaves should be paid in silver for the length of time worked. Should any slave choose to receive no pay for work, they can redeem themselves and become civilians after a period of 100 days.
Each supervising officer shall pay out the wages according to rank, and make a record of redeemed persons.

The power of the spring is eternal, and the workshop runs without rest. One day is worth a thousand days of slaves working with their bare hands, and there is no risk of being remiss.
This is all thanks to the love and wisdom of the Spirit of Victory, Parvezravan, who will spread these springs of power throughout his territory like scattered seeds.
Slaves shall be freed wherever the seeds sprout, henceforth enabling them to feed themselves. Yellow sands shall become cultivated fields, the oasis a town.

Dispatch the skillful to watch for rot on flying shuttles at all hours.
Dispatch the clever to ponder the beauty of textile patterns.
Dispatch the meticulous to observe if the springs of power shall wane.
Dispatch the remaining slaves to mash petals into dyes, and weave grass into cloth.
Send maid to rouse slaves to work like birds at sunrise, and to guide slaves to rest at sunset like the stars and the moon.
It should not take more than thirty days, from the weaving of the first piece of fabric to the completion of three thousand pieces of clothing.

Engrave the causes for laxness,
So that the generations who come after may know of such preposterous conduct,
And that even the most lax of workers may remain alert and ask to do more blessed labor.

Day 1
The maid named Etta claimed that she had forgotten to shut the windows of her residence, and the sand had piled up to her knees. She was unable to sing and took leave for one day.

Day 7
Two people were scorched by the radiant sun, and they took one day off.

Day 10
The maid named Etta said she drank staid water that had been left for over 300 days, causing pain in her belly and rendering her unable to sing. She took one day off.

Day 14
One person was choked by sweeping sand, and they took one day off.

Day 18
The maid named Etta said that her residence had unexplainably caught fire. She was unable to sing and took leave for one day.

Day 21
Two people were scorched by the radiant sun, and they took one day off.

Day 15
The maid named Etta said that the weather was too hot for her to sleep at night. She felt dizzy and took leave for one day.
This person was not incapable of contributing but was unwilling to sing for Al-Ahmar. Should they offend again, they will be expelled from the city of Gurabad.

Day 26
Etta claimed that a friend of hers was a very clever person, and this friend could come and design fabric patterns. This was allowed.

Day 27
Three people were choked by sweeping sand, and they took one day off.
