"Oh my daughter, the one in whom all my hopes are placed! Did I not bring you into existence that you might one day pierce me with a halberd?" Awakened at last, the God King floated in the heavens to the claps of thunder and the dancing of the wind, rejoicing at his return.

But she was no longer afraid. This was the moment she had been waiting for her entire life, the moment she had been made for all those eons ago.
No — that was not it. The true source of her courage was the time she had spent with him.

The first Divine Halberd, Irmin, once pierced the Axis Mundi and connected the nine worlds. Now, its replicas had proliferated across the heavens.

Fearing the madness that would ensue following his death, the God King made one final Divine Halberd, and named it the Prinzessin der Verurteilung. In this moment, it — nay, she — could finally unleash her true self.

...

A commentary from the editor appears at the end of the book:

Legend of the Shattered Halberd was a successful first attempt by Inazuma's Yae Publishing House to incorporate elements of Liyue culture in one of their novels. The first five volumes were wildly successful, becoming something of a cultural phenomenon in both Inazuma and Liyue. Commercially, the fact that a sixth volume exists at all speaks to its success.
I trust that the abrupt finale to this epic saga brought by volume six will not be to our readers' displeasure.
I hope.

Though the ending reads like a different story entirely, I must stress that this did not arise from any attempt on our part to pressurize Mr. Nine, the author, into developing material for a new series. The truth is that in his rush to meet the publishing schedule, Mr. Nine ended up diverging somewhat from his usual style. Mr. Nine simply wished to challenge himself as a writer. ♡

Naturally, we are sympathetic to the fans of the original First Five volumes. In this spirit, we would like to announce that a special First Five collector's edition, the Blackwood Box Set, is currently in the making. Those who have grown up reading Legend of the Shattered Halberd in bookstores: this is the time to finally buy it for yourself! Also, expect to hear more tales of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung in future.

Chief Editor, Yae Publishing House
