Sachin was born to a wealthy family, and his father Rajput was a renowned merchant in Sumeru, with many properties to his name.
At the age of nine, Sachin enrolled into Vahumana and achieved excellent grades. At the age of fifteen, he completed all of his courses and graduated first in class, his accomplishments greatly lauded by the sages.
At the age of sixteen, Sachin ventured out and began to research the local environment and customs. His travels took him throughout Sumeru's rainforests and deserts.
When Sachin was 23 years old, his father Rajput passed away. Sachin returned to Sumeru City to take over his father's business and spent two years here.
At the age of 25, Sachin once again ventured into the desert to conduct field research. Records show that he traveled with a caravan and lived in Aaru Village for a period of time.
At the age of 32, Sachin returned to Sumeru City. He looked withered and weary, his mental state in shambles. Much speculation arose amongst outsiders, but Sachin locked himself in his room and did not respond.
At the age of 33, Sachin entrusted all of his properties to the Akademiya and pledged to donate all proceeds to the Akademiya. He then wrote a contract regarding the use of the proceeds and property ownership.
The following is an excerpt quoted from Sachin when the contract was signed:
"A minimum of 30% of all revenue generated from the business will be used to fund prizes for the Interdarshan Championship, which will encourage young prodigies to actively participate in the competition..."
"I will also be donating my entire collection, the most prominent item of which, the 'Diadem of Knowledge,' will serve as a symbol of great honor in the Interdarshan Championship. Only the winner of the competition may wear it..."
"In addition, the Akademiya is only given the right to maintain and manage my properties. Ownership of them does not belong to the Akademiya, nor does it belong to me."
"Each year, when the Interdarshan Championship is held, I will keep a close eye on each candidate... If I particularly identify with a participant, I will reveal myself."
"I will then bequeath all of my wealth to this individual whom I judge worthy of my acknowledgment. They will have the usage rights to all assets and proceeds under my name. I hope the Akademiya will respect any and all decisions made by that person."
After the contract came into effect, Sachin returned to the desert to continue his investigations. But there has been no word from him since then.
Many claimed to have seen him in the desert, but none of such claims have been verified. Twenty years have passed since then.