My exploration of Tsurumi Island has not gone smoothly.

Earlier, it was thanks to a local youth named Kama that I was able to leave Ritou successfully and arrive on Tsurumi Island undetected. At his direction, I tried to penetrate the thick fog that shrouds the island and somehow managed to catch a hurried glimpse of the ancient civilization present here, as well as certain dream-like landscapes. However, these memories seem to have dispersed just like a mist might...
But I can still clearly remember meeting a small child on this supposedly long-dead island.

Perhaps he was nothing but a hallucination I saw under the influence of Elemental Particles floating through the fog, or perhaps the mushrooms on the island were to blame... That child may have just been an illusion or a false memory, and this would certainly follow common logic, of course. But the second time I came, I brought a little more food with me, in hopes that the child would accept them. It must be hard living on a dead island like this one, I thought.

The next time I came ashore, I did not inform Kama, and thus got lost in the thick fog very quickly. I tried all means and ways, but could not find my way through the fog — it was as if it was rejecting me for reasons unknown.
If it were not for the blonde-haired traveler and the little fairy named "Paimon," I would probably have had to return empty-handed. But they helped me to pick some local Fluorescent Fungus, which is rumored among Inazumans to have coalesced from the memories of the ancient dead of Tsurumi Island, which give them their phosphorescent, ghostly glow. They possess the ability to strengthen the eyes and mind and improve one's memory.

I tried some over the last few days, and these fungi do indeed have the ability to calm the heart and cheer the spirit. It appears to be good for digestion as well... That said, I haven't seen any marked improvement in my memory yet. I must remember to leave a few for my friend in Sumeru to conduct research on.

Additionally, I found the pictures of the ancient murals that the blonde traveler and Paimon brought to be most fascinating — they are certainly worth further research. That we were able to discover such valuable historical ruins at all is owed to the passion, wisdom, and determination of these two exceptional adventurers.