To My Dear Father, Kaedehara Kageharu:
 
Ever since the official dissolution of our house, I have packed my bags and left our ancestral home, wandering the world, and I have learned much on this journey.
Today, I was reminded of the many scenic artworks you drew in your notes as I passed some seaside cliffs by. The sight gave me much to think about.
A wanderer's leisure is not the tradition of our clan, but the appreciation of scenery surely counts. I believe it was Great Grandfather who started that particular practice.
You mentioned that he enjoyed planting small trees, loving their supple branches, while Grandfather was of a different temperament, enjoying fiddling with stones more.
When I was young, our backyard was full of the many curious stones that Grandfather collected. Back then, I thought the ground was littered with treasure, but now that I know much more of the world, I can be quite certain that at least some of them were sword-testing stones that Grandfather brought back from the forging station.
I knew precious little about stones then, believing them all to be of great value.
But can there really be so much treasure in life?
...I am writing this letter as I rest in a shady spot on a hilltop.
I intend to burn this letter shortly, before using the water from a mountain stream to quench the remnant embers. This way, I believe that this message will reach you, though you can no longer receive letters.
I dismissed the servants after your passing and settled our various assets. It isn't worth much, but it's enough to live on.
I fear that our bonsais may not have fared as well as I hoped. I sold what I could get my hands on to pay our debts, save for Great Grandfather's old relic.
It was confiscated by the Tenryou Commission... That said, I suspect that staying in their storehouse may have been a better fate for it than remaining in my hands.
 
I have not been here in a long while. The wind whistling through the mountains is just as lovely as it was when you first brought me here, many years ago.
I'm setting off again.
Farewell.
 
Kaedehara Kazuha
