...
Thanks to the companionship and help of the Hydro Eidolons, I've finished my first piece of work despite bumbling along quite a bit...
By the standards I once held, I would not have rated this mural as a masterpiece in any way. But with the passage of time and the changes in the environment of the Mirage itself, even displacement... I must admit that in truth, this is the work I have put the most effort into, and the one I love most.
It woke me up from my silly dreams.
I used to be young and haughty, and I drew false conclusions from my rough understanding of this great undertaking known as painting, without ever having put in the time to study the relevant techniques.
Only when I found myself puzzling over my great masterpiece did I find that I was simply not good enough.
I once emphasized an interplay of light, shadow, and lines that would "capture" people, but that was me holding onto too many arrogant fantasies, chasing a perfection in form only.
Perhaps there is no such thing as perfect painting technique or universal standards of beauty that all ascribe to.
During my stay in the Veluriyam Mirage, Idyia and the Hydro Eidolons showed me a lot of stunning scenes and told me about the stories behind them.
And as objects situated in the real world, it is impossible for their every color and contour to meet some standard set by art criticism.
Yet they captivated me, inspired my soul in countless ways.
What those lines and shades captured was not my fastidious eye, but my heart — it was through my heart that they resonated with me.
That is why I inscribed all that I saw and heard here in the form of this mural.
I have now come to believe that elegant technique cannot be the ultimate focus for great art, nor can one only be concerned with polishing every last detail to an unsurpassed sheen.
Instead, we should begin with something that can move human hearts, with our shading and lines to follow from that.
Of course, this might just be my one-sided opinion. Never again will I be so arrogant as to try constructing general, empty principles that all people can acknowledge.
All I want is to achieve something good in my own eyes and try conveying that emotion that so moved me to others.
As such, I cannot stay here forever. I must return to my daily existence and put my painting skills into practice.
This mural shall bear witness to my days in the Veluriyam Mirage, and it shall also be my gift to Idyia and the Hydro Eidolons...
...
