...
Looking back now, I was indeed short-sighted.
After spending several months in the desert, I ran out of Mora and began to question the existence of the fairy. Coarse words even escaped my lips...
The benevolent and powerful fairy in the legend does exist. I was even fortunate enough to find the domain she rules, finding for myself temporary respite there.
The benevolent and powerful Oceanid asked that I call her Idyia.
This name, Idyia, has indeed been mentioned in many legends and fairy tales, and it has largely represented a benevolent soul who knows human intents and hearts well.
This means that I was right! She must know of universal beauty!
Idyia appeared when I was on the verge of giving up. This must be a sign that all the hardships I have been through were tests she set before me. I must forsake all errant thought and present my request to her in all earnestness.
While she has yet to accede to my wish, citing such reasons as "I don't force changes on others" and "we shouldn't take shortcuts" by way of declining to directly raise my aesthetics and drawing skills...
But she gave me a magical drawing board as a gift, together with painting materials that never seem to run out.
I suspect that there is no realistic hope that I might improve by leaps and bounds in a single day. I should probably do as Idyia hints I should, and hone myself with real practice.
This is a comfortable place to be anyway. I don't have to worry about food or clothing, and there are wondrous creatures named Hydro Eidolons to keep me company here.
One might feel creeped out upon first encountering these flexible, pudding-like creatures with the beautiful color of gems. But I have found that they are all quite easy to get along with.
They make far better company than those arrogant fellows with fake smiles at the studio.
As we wandered around in the Veluriyam Mirage, I bore witness to a scene of unimaginable magnificence.
I could often find things left here by different people and hear all sorts of interesting stories. I suppose you could say that my horizons were indeed expanded.
This change of pace leaves me very relaxed when I paint. Maybe I should just go with the flow...
...
