After almost sixteen days, I was finally able to get these notes written before the Sabzeruz Festival.
Once the festival ends, you and Paimon will probably continue your journey immediately, so I was hoping that I'd be able to give this to you before that.
This is a compilation of folk legends concerning Lesser Lord Kusanali, created from a series of interviews that I conducted in succession and wrote down.
I interviewed so many people, but I'm afraid that there are very few who know much about her...
Still, I hope that this will be of use to you in your search for her.

"Gandharva Ville's water supply was once contaminated, forcing everyone to go very far out to get water. But one day, people suddenly found that the water was drinkable again, and some said that a green light was seen near the water's source the previous night. Everyone believes that this was the divine power of Lesser Lord Kusanali at work."
This sounds quite possible. The decontamination of water sources via natural means probably takes ages. Did Lesser Lord Kusanali appear in Gandharva Ville, then?

"After Mama passed away, I was super afraid of the dark and couldn't sleep. But from one day on, I would hear a voice that would chat with me till I fell asleep. A nice lady told me that Lesser Lord Kusanali must've been watching over me."
Poor child. I hope that the Sabzeruz Festival makes him a little happier. This is quite similar to something I experienced back then, as well. She is indeed a gentle god.

"There was this one time when I'd had a wee bit too much to drink and couldn't find my way home to save my life. Then, when I turned a corner, I could've sworn I saw Lesser Lord Kusanali. She was very tall and had the most muscular arms, and she caught me when I slipped and fell. The next morning, I found myself sleeping under a tree. I reckon that must've been her looking out for me!"
Hmm... I'm not sure this one has that much value as a reference. That was probably just a tree, right?

(These folk records, appended with Dunyarzad's references and opinions, leave every page densely packed.)