
Details: This text belongs to a series of works sponsored by the Vahumana's "Veilcutter" project. It has yet to be numbered.

Author: Aqaba

Abstract: The Tatarasuna area has always been a major pillar of Inazuma's smithing industry. Two incidents have occurred here, and the details behind the first are vague at best. I believe, however, that there might be a hidden history behind the events that transpired. Hence, this paper will attempt to analyze what may have unfolded from the available data.


Glossary: Tatarasuna area; Raiden Gokaden; Mikoshi Nagamasa; Kabukimono

Introduction: This paper continues and expands the work of my mentor, Mr. Rumi, in his report on "The Haply Hidden Tales of Tatarasuna," and is intended to further this avenue of research. According to the data, the blade-forging techniques of Inazuma were originally handed down from the Electro Archon, also known as the Raiden Shogun. Using the arts they inherited from their Archon, the people of Inazuma devoted themselves to the process of forging. However, strange rumors that do not quite fit the steely nature of metalwork yet linger about Tatarasuna, which was a central pillar of the forging industry. There, the Mikoshi and Niwa clans, along with an eccentric puppet, serve as the three windows of insight we need to investigate the truth behind what happened.


Body

Strange notes from the Tatarasuna area. Their contents are as follows:

1
"...Perhaps I overstep, but I think that Sir Nagamasa's mood grows better when he forges blades..."
"...The obsession to cleanse the stain of the name 'Mikoshi' must eat at him..."
"...Also, Sir Katsuragi discovered a nameless eccentric while patrolling around Nazuchi Beach..."

2
"...The Inspector bought a certain number of Jade Steel ingots..."
"...Sir Katsuragi discussed matters of smithing deep into the night with the Vice Armory Officer."


3
"...We at last made a single nagamaki. We call it the 'Daitatara Nagamasa'..."
"The Inspector was in high spirits, and he and the Vice Armory Officer..."
"...Nozomu was so taken by the beauty of the Daitatara Nagamasa that he drew a picture of it..."
"...and he performed a sword dance with that wandering eccentric..."


4
"...and we could not find that eccentric..."
"...The Inspector flew into a rage and slashed Katsuragi. The great blade cut deep into the flesh... cast his own nagamaki into the furnace's flame..."
"...Nozomu could not abide by that order, and drew the completely melted weapon out of the furnace... He was horribly burned..."


5
"...Nozomu died that night. I daresay that while Sir Katsuragi may have committed malfeasance, it was out of the goodness of his heart..."

6
"...Kinjirou hid the nagamaki and Nozomu's drawing in the Arsenal..."
"...Nagamasa is harsh, but also knows right from wrong. But even so, he is not amenable to reason. His name indicates one obsessed with purity... Still, I and some households of Tatarasuna have not been blinded by the matter of Nagamasa's mother Chiyo, and we trust him..."
"...I also remain unwilling to forget the joy of creating the Daitatara Nagamasa with him, and that joy of watching that nameless eccentric perform that sword-dance with Katsuragi..."

7
"Before we withdrew, we should have divided the Arsenal Key into three parts: one for the Inspector, one for the Armory Officer, and one to be left in Tatarasuna itself to prevent theft."
"But we were in too much of a hurry, and neither the Inspector nor the Armory Officer could be found, so I was so bold as to hide the three pieces within treasure chests in Tatarasuna..."


The seven notes mentioned prior have been scattered across the Tatarasuna area. Among the seven notes, six seem to be of good physical integrity, though they all look quite old, while the last one looks more recent. I believe that the first six notes and the last are of different time periods, though the gulf in years between them needs to be verified. The contents of the first six should also be related to each other, as the incidents mentioned are quite consistent with one another.
Rumi once mentioned in "The Haply Hidden Tales of Tatarasuna" (hereafter known as "Hidden Tales") that in the past, researchers from Sumeru had investigated the cultural histories of Tatarasuna and Inazuma. Though the place has fallen into some degree of disrepair since the "Hidden Tales" were written, things have improved since the time when I wrote my original article. Regardless, what used to be an area of major industry remains a place most inhospitable, and residents of Tatarasuna may be found living and dwelling by the waters. The residents, when questioned, told the researchers of Tatarasuna's golden age centuries ago, when it was administered by Armory Officer Niwa, Vice Armory Officer Miyazaki, and Inspector Mikoshi Nagamasa. Yet, the elders among the locals with deeper ties to the region also seemed to stress the fact that there were strange rumors surrounding their homeland's past.
A great many of these rumors revolved around the "youkai" who are so very characteristic of Inazuma's folk histories. A very small number, however, mentioned the word "puppet." It should be known that puppets are neither traditional nor common youkai in Inazuma. This fact drew the attention of the researchers to delve further, and eventually, the following pieces of information came to light:
- A puppet did once appear in Tatarasuna. Its visage was elegant, its apparel impeccable, and the way it dressed hid all the joint lines on its body. If no one were to mention that it was indeed a puppet, it would be hard to tell at all. Additionally, this puppet seemed to possess special joint lines that would fade with time, potentially even disappearing altogether, which would perhaps eventually make the puppet seem entirely human.
- The name of the puppet was known to almost none. Some folk claimed to have spotted it appearing around Tatarasuna, while others mentioned encountering it in the central regions of the area. Some even claimed that it would frequent the beach. Tales spread of it standing beside the sea and gazing across the waters toward Inazuma City. What it was that the puppet was gazing at remains a mystery.

As mentioned earlier, the six notes all document a certain "nameless eccentric." The "eccentric," which can also be read as "Kabukimono," is usually used in Inazuma to refer to a figure who dresses or behaves in a peculiar manner. It is understandable, therefore, why this character would have left such an impression. Should the people of Tatarasuna indeed have had a puppet in their midst incurring mass panic — a good possibility considering the coexistence between youkai and humans in Inazuma at large — then the puppet would have very likely become a local resident. What is less well-known is if "the Kabukimono" was just another title for this puppet. Perhaps because it was uniquely dressed to distract attention from its more special characteristics. A workable theory, but one that still lacks enough evidence to support it. Still, it can be retained as an analytical lens of sorts.

A list of individuals related to Tatarasuna has been compiled here based on historical documents from Inazuma. Starting from the administrators, the records are as follows:

Armory Officer — Niwa
Full name Niwa Hisahide. He was the inheritor of the Isshin Art, and successor to the Niwa Clan. His family, along with the Akame and Kaedehara clans, were together known as the "Isshin Sansaku." Records show that Niwa was a modest and intelligent individual who displayed remarkable talent in the administration of territory and people. His eventual whereabouts are unknown, but he was suspected to have left Tatarasuna with his family following the incident.

Vice Armory Officer — Miyazaki
Full name Miyazaki Kaneo. He was Niwa's second-in-command. His origins are unknown, and he primarily assisted Niwa in forging and personnel management. He was of affable temperament and had many friends in the region, including one Mikoshi Nagamasa.

Inspector — Mikoshi Nagamasa
The successor of the Mikoshi Clan, adopted son to oni warrior Mikoshi Chiyo, and the younger adopted brother to Mikoshi Michihiro, also known as "Iwakura the Successor." With his mother missing and abandoned by his brother, Nagamasa alone bore the family name, striving daily to wipe the shame from their history. Though records state that Mikoshi Nagamasa was a stubborn figure, he was also noted to be a person of moral virtue and integrity. It has been noted in various records that he practiced forging swords for self-cultivation, and specially requested special instruction from Miyazaki to further his capabilities. However, after the famous blade, Daitatara Nagamasa, was forged, he used it to slay his subordinate, Katsuragi, for reasons unknown at present.

Subordinate — Katsuragi
Katsuragi's full name and background remain unknown. Despite all the materials I have sorted through, I have yet to find anymore additional personal information regarding him. As one of Mikoshi Nagamasa's subordinates, he was a loyal warrior who had been saved by Nagamasa in his youth. From then on, he swore to stick by his lord through thick and thin and to give his life in service if it was but asked of him.

Kabukimono
Full name unknown. Background unknown. From the many sources I have compiled combined with Rumi's personal observations, this character might have been the puppet mentioned in the rumors. The Kabukimono was a figure of fashionable grace and gentleness. According to the "Hidden Tales," he was brought back to Tatarasuna by Katsuragi, and became a member of the community. When the Kabukimono first arrived in Tatarasuna, he knew nothing of cleaning, cooking, or any work of meticulous nature. The locals taught him their skills over time, showing him how to clean his attire, dance, and craft small trinkets. Records state that the Kabukimono was there when the "Daitatara Nagamasa" was forged, though his trail ends before Mikoshi Nagamasa slew Katsuragi. I believe that the Kabukimono was indeed the aforementioned puppet, and that he quite likely had a hand in Katsuragi's death.


(It seems that the rest of this paper remains unfinished... One thing is for sure, though — a lot of thought was put into it.)
