The soft fabric is like a perfectly baked cake. The primary color is that of luxurious cream, embroidered with intricate patterns. The dark brown of the hat, gloves, and skirts have a rich chocolate-like texture. The fiery red that belongs only to Klee is like a crown of candles, shining with flame incandescent.
The tiny little Spark Knight, after an adventure in which even the clouds and trees could not help but dote upon her, has transformed with a flourish into the new "Red Velvet Mage."

"To a mage, what is the most important thing?"
After returning to Mondstadt, two knights, one large and one small, are sitting on the city wall, watching the windmills lazily turn as they chat...
Though Klee had heard the title "mage" before, but after hearing the stories of that fiery mage, the word slowly gained its own special significance to her.
She remembered that adults often spoke of important things linked to one's identity... perhaps they are called "responsibilities"?
The Dagger Bandit grinned mysteriously, and shook the wine bottle in his hand:
"A mage is called a mage because they can use that mystifying force called magic."
"The most important thing for a mage is to think about how to use the awesome power of their magic."
"The fiery red mage from all those years ago used her magic to fulfill the wishes of others, and created this refreshing paradise in the desert. The people sing her praises, and write her into their happiest stories, and she is a source of happiness and laughter."
"Perhaps, somewhere in the world, there are capricious mages with fearful tempers, or those who have been changed by terrible tragedy. Those mages may use their magic in the wrong ways, and make the people as angry and sad as they are..."
"Red Velvet Mage Klee, how do you plan to use your magic?"
With these words, the Dagger Bandit raised his glass to softly toast the tiny mage, indicating it was now her turn to answer her own question.
The Red Velvet Mage shook her head softly, and the juice in her cup reflected her pure smile:
"Klee... wants to make everyone really happy!"
But with these words, the mage suddenly realized the problem with this desire—
Those who are unhappy surely have their reasons for being sad. Would a smile forced upon their lips through magic be even more painful and ugly than tears?
Fortunately, her little mind worked quickly, and she soon found her answer:
Then I'll use my magic to get rid of everyone's troubles!
"For example, magic could make everyone never get sick again, and never have to worry about Mora! Everyone could eat fish for every meal, and be healthy, and just happily play all day!"
But that didn't seem like enough. Klee rested her cheek in her hand, and looked out over the azure sky and white clouds in the distance:
"I want... I want to hear everyone's wishes, and save them, and then use the most amazing and powerful magic, to give everyone the happiness they want the very very most!"
A smile is most beautiful when it is born of happiness. The reflective waters of Cider Lake taught Klee this truth.
The Dagger Bandit was stunned for a moment, but as the west wind caressed them, it turned into a feeling of peace and relief:
"In that case, our little Klee is going to have to try her best, isn't she? Perhaps some day, you and your magic will appear in the happiest and most joyous of all stories."
In the story, the Red Velvet Mage travels to every corner of Teyvat with her companions. Wherever they go, both troubles and bad guys recede, and poverty and suffering evaporate without a trace. Clusters of sweet flowers bloom, and are surrounded by the light of a roaring campfire, candles, and stars. The sounds of joyous song and jubilant dancing fill the air, a merry feast that never ends.