In the eyes of ordinary people, just as flowers differ in rarity due to the nature of their growth, so too do academic achievements differ in worth.
Certain researchers of exemplary capabilities are compared to "Padisarahs," while those with more common accomplishments are regarded as akin to the more widely seen "Mints."
As time passed, some students also found themselves influenced by these analogies. Thus, they began to use different species of flowers as amusing nicknames for each other.
It was unanimously agreed that the Akademiya was full of "Sweet Flowers" and "Mints," but "Roses" and "Padisarahs" were individuals of vanishing rarity.
Thus, it was baffling to many that the genius Lisa Minci possessed all the qualities of a "Padisarah" but cared little even to claim the title of "Rose."
As an academic, she finished a great many projects left incomplete by those who came before her, and also possessed a solid grasp of theory.
Her accomplishments earned her the regard of her instructors, and soon she was allowed to study even the most complex of topics. In little time, she began contributing to the advancement of her new studies as well.
At that time, certain researchers even thought that she could become the youngest sage in history — provided she made a few adjustments to her field of study, of course.
Yet, she didn't participate in the official signing ceremony that would certify her academic accomplishments, choosing instead to withdraw from the main project she was studying in her Darshan, before leaving the Akademiya altogether.
When faced with the confusion radiating from her classmates' questions, she merely replied as elegantly and affably as she always did:
"My work can be compared to rearranging a mess of books and putting them all back in their rightful place, that's all. With that in mind, it's unnecessary for me to claim something so serious as an official title."
"Also, do you remember that song that was so popular amongst us students?"
"'We beg not for the Kalpalata Lotus' mystery, we struggle not to claim the Padisarah's purity.'"
"'For with poetry by our sides, their fragrance ever lingers in our lives.'"
"In times past, the rose was a flower precious without peer. But after generations of scholars worked tirelessly to cultivate them, roses can now be found wherever the sunlight shines."
"But is this bad for the roses? Well, of course not. Rare or common, the roses remain as fragrant as ever. Their preciousness was but a label we gave them."
"As such, if there comes a day when everyone ceases to regard these flowers so subjectively and instead judges them with consideration to their growth habits and choice of environments... That day's coming, I think, might be something worthier of commemoration."