At the foot of the Sacred Sakura Tree, a lovely brocade mat lined the ground, an exquisite and beautifully-arranged meal awaiting atop it.
Such was the view that met your eyes when you followed the invitation letter's instructions guiding you to what it called a "picnic."
Moments after, Kamisato Ayaka, the organizer of this picnic, emerged from behind the tree, smiling with a fan in hand and unhurried of gait.
"I've heard that the people of Fontaine enjoy having picnics. I, too, wish to indulge in one such event. Perhaps I'll be able to sample the experience this novel writes of."
That was to be expected: the Yae Publishing House's newly published Fontaine light novel, "The Case Files of Miss Orith," had taken Inazuma by storm of late, after all.
Ayaka had been reading this novel too. From time to time, the two of you would meet and discuss the methods of deduction used within the novel, revealing her deep appreciation for the entire series.

With her hair coiled up and wearing an elegant lady's hat, she looked just like the Fontaine beauty described in the novel.
You found the transformation amazing — though the figure before you was obviously still Ayaka, she had achieved a new sort of elegance merely by changing her apparel.
The "Dame of Fontaine" before you said:
"While reading 'The Case Files of Miss Orith,' I often feel that though there might be similarities between the cultural habits of individual nations..."
"The private lives of each nation's peoples remain more different than not."
"To appraise the lifestyle of a world beyond Inazuma is like peering at the moon's face through a veil of clouds..."

She lowered her head, seemingly vexed.
As the daughter of the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan, Ayaka is unable to live with the freedom comparable to that of an adventurer — this, you knew quite well.
Just as you were about to say something to console her, she nodded, as if experiencing an epiphany, and said:
"Though such is reality, I am already vastly more fortunate than most."
"With a friend like you, even though I cannot travel, the stories I have heard are no longer limited to Inazuma's borders."
"...I wish that everyone — not just me — could know more about what lies beyond our shores."
So, Ayaka hadn't been distressed on her own account, it seemed.
"Miss Aratani once told me that, beyond the bounds of Inazuma, learning and art flourishes in Sumeru, Mondstadt, Liyue, and Fontaine."
"Yet, we know so very little of them..."
"I intend to propose to my brother and Lady Yae that we bring in more pieces of work from outside Inazuma!"
"Perhaps we can get a glimpse of places and peoples we've never witnessed before by using their literary works as windows..."
Ayaka's bearing far exceeded your expectations — this was, indeed, the "Shirasagi Himegimi" of the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan.
"...Before I can propose this to my brother and Lady Yae, however, I must create a specific list of books to be published. As such, I wanted to ask you for some recommendations."
Before you realized it, moved as you were by her words, Ayaka had already begun touching upon the particulars of her plan.
After a moment of deep reflection, you put words to paper and fill the first line of the list in.
"'The Boar Princess'?"
"Indeed," you reply. "It's a beautiful and cruel fairy tale — rather different from other works of its kind. I think people will find it very interesting."
Unfortunately, when Ayaka brought the list of books to Aratani, the editor crossed out "The Boar Princess" without hesitation.
"Ahem. This fairy tale might be a bit too... unique. I fear that people might not be ready for its contents yet..."