"Kaeya, why does the Dagger Bandit always carry daggers?"
Within the city of Mondstadt, two Knights of Favonius, one large and one small, are chatting.
Many days have already passed since they played the roles of bandit and mage on the stage, and even now, the small knight has questions about that which she does not yet understand.
*ahem* The reason the bandits carries daggers... The reason was never explained in Kaeya's script.
Perhaps it's because the character needed a catchy name, and the director just excitedly scrawled the words, "the Dagger Bandit."
But the small knight in front of him sat with furrowed brow, deep in thought, more serious even than when thinking about what was for dinner.
The boundless curiosity of children makes them always want to ask questions. Even if the endless stream of questions can be a bit annoying for adults, if their curiosity is not satisfied, they may lose that spark of curiosity, and turn into a boring adult.
Of all the infinite possibilities in life, becoming boring is one of the worst and most tragic outcomes, so a child's questions should always be treated with care.
"Hey, that's right, why is that? You asked a great question, Klee..." Kaeya replied with a smile.

Perhaps because he was briefly a bandit on that stage, he too had thought about lives lived that were not his own beneath the bright lights.
Knights live as knights do, and bandits live as bandits must.
Justly taking up sword and bow and standing forth to show their determination to protect, that is a knight.
But hiding one's blade and closing the net on their prey in the darkness, that is a bandit.
Different people live in different ways. A thief will not bear the blade of a knight, and a traditional knight will not sneak out a hidden dagger to hurt someone.
If the characters in the story don't abide by such rules, then the story has betrayed the roles dictated by fate.
But there is no need to give such answers to a child, and there is never just one answer to a question.
The daggers used by the Dagger Bandit were gifts from his friends, or symbols of his career as a virtuous bandit, or commemorated past acts of charity...
Let's fabricate a fairytale, and weave heroes, legends, and beautiful fantasies together, just like each time before, and give children a dream to dream.
He turns around and takes the dagger from the side of the costume hanging in the room:
"It's actually a complicated tale, and we'll have to start from when the big bandit was just a little kid. Would you like to hear about it, Klee?"
"Are you going to tell me another story, Kaeya? I'm listening!"