"An ancient, tattered paper with incomplete information written on it"

...Previously at ███, we collected 3 dosages of common substances that had been exposed to The Withering. But as we approached this facility, they were all purified, with no traces of abnormality left. The reason is still unknown...

...Collected 5 samples (class: human) in the nearby village. Subject III: male adult, 20–25 yrs old. Subject IV: female adult, 25–30 yrs old. Subjects V/VI/VII: 1 male child, 7–14 yrs old, 2 female children...

...All juvenile subjects went missing after displaying hallucinatory symptoms. The subjects in question seemed to be communicating with their "imaginary friends" in secret. Said "friends" are likely to be a Ley Line/Elemental creature that inhabits the forest (Aranara?).

About Aranara
According to the tales of the forestfolk, Aranara is a highly intelligent being (botanic creature?) that can travel freely between reality and dreams. They can even create dreams based on the fabric of real-world environments. Far-fetched though it may sound, the folklore is not without credibility. We should keep looking and try to obtain a living sample.
If we put them to good use, cognition, complex memories, and irrational fantasies shall become controllable variables with which we can alter human individuals. As for the controllable dream, it has huge potential for both civil and military applications, and might even elevate human intelligence to a whole new level.
If the plan goes well, mankind will obtain the power to conquer both reality and dream, and truly transcend the earthly boundaries we are born with.
(A large ink stain was splashed next to the period. It seems that the writer broke the pen as they wrote this line.)

Attached is the documentation of the folklore associated with the unverified creature, Aranara. This content is for reference only...

...Subject IV, adult, body functions completely shut down, a large area of skin ██████, visceral ██████. COD: loss of blood.
Upon seeing Subject IV in a coma, Subject III (adult) resisted violently in panic before being forcibly subdued, which resulted in the cessation of the experiment. Current conclusion: The Withering contains an unknown substance that can induce (the word "unpredictable" has been crossed out) pathological skin mutations. More tests are needed to identify the pattern of said mutations...

...Subject III, adult, body functions completely shut down, a medium area of skin ██████, visceral ██████, blood ████, too. COD: Extreme fear led to complications, which caused heart failure and multiple-organ failure.
This is a waste of resources. It is advisable to watch over the subjects' mental state in the next experiment and avoid exposing them to extreme environments...

Lab Lead on duty: ████
(Some part of the signature was smudged, causing the entire name to be illegible.)