
It is said that when the lord of folly was destroyed by his own ambition, the kings of the desert arose as one, and fell just as quickly.
Many tiny tyrants would marshal refugees fleeing the cataclysm, and they would build temples, palaces, and high walls where once stood ancient ruins.
The ruined cities would be devastated each after the next, and despots of all stripes boasting of power and wealth for a time would rise and fall all too quickly.
This oil lamp belonged to one of the young princes of the decaying kingdoms and was one of the remaining treasures hidden away in his trove.

"Father ascended the tower in pursuit of a falcon, and the ancient structure could not bear his great weight, casting him into the boiling quicksand."
"Thus did our kingdom's days come to be numbered, and I too was dragged into pointless conflicts, tossed this way and that on the waves of treachery."
"In those days, I too had someone to love. She longed to be queen, but did not concern herself with the identity of the one seated on the throne."
"And so it was that I lost my love. For my life and my seal, I closed her lips with a viper's kiss and buried her in quilts of sand."
"Later, just as it happened to all other kingdoms in living memory, threats from without and foes from within would arise. Kith and kin, slaves and pariahs would be at each other's throats."
"Scarcity and strife, those two deformed twins, would dance wildly amidst these burning, godless sands, burying our selves within their mirage."

And so did the kingdom within the searing sand return whence it came, and the once-affluent prince became a penniless refugee.
With the wish to conquer new lands burning in his breast, he set out for the rainforest with what little wealth he had left on his person.
But much later, the prince who wished to inherit the woodland like a Rishboland Tiger would himself be conquered by the quiet moonlight.
He was drawn to the powerful form of the huntress with the white bow, and in being pursued and expelled each night,
The homeless prince slowly understood the murmurs of the trees and the whispering of the tigers, and was accepted by the beneficent dream—

"Hahaha, well, isn't that a fine tale? A noble forced from their home, who finds destiny and glory once again..."
"The golden dream, it awaits all lost grains of sand..."