
"Where are you going, wanderer?"
The roving youth was stopped by a child's shout.
That was a child of a Tatarasuna crafts-person, and while he was ill, his eyes were still clear.
The youth told the child that he was bound for Inazuma City.
"But it's raining really hard right now. They say that the people who left haven't returned!"
The youth opened and closed his mouth a few times... But at last could only give the child a small smile.
The next time he set foot upon that island, that child was nowhere to be found.

"Where are you going, Inazuman? This boat is not for you!"
The wandering young man was halted at the harbor by a boatman.
But before the youth could draw his blade, a man in his company stopped him.
The man told the mariner that the outlander youth was with him.
"Ah, so he's your guest, sir? My apologies for my presumption."
The man gave the youth a coat to keep the cold out, but the youth shook his head.
He had no need of such things — he only wished to know what interesting things he might find on this long journey.

"Lord Harbinger. Where are you headed?"
The youth, hating chatty humans the most, gave his subordinate a backhand slap.
But he also loved watching expressions of terror and helplessness play across human faces,
And it was perhaps precisely because of this imbecilic underling's expressiveness that he had kept them around.
He told the groveling, quailing figure that they were headed east, for Mondstadt.
"I understand! I'll get your bodyguards ready right now!"
He had no need of guards, of course, but he was lazier still to barter words with cretins.
Donning his wanderer's hat, he headed eastward alone.

"Child, where are you going?"
Returning home, the youth was stopped at the roadside by an old woman.
He told her that he was going west.
"To Yashiori Island, then? What business are you on?"
She had said this thoughtlessly, knowing only that things had not been peaceful of late.
The youth thanked her for her concern with earnest smile and told her that he was bound for an appointed meeting.
As the boat gradually approached the shore, a lady in foreign garb could be seen standing by the shoreline,
And she threw a small crystal sphere at the youth from afar.
Catching it with ease, he lifted it up to the dying, bloodied sun.