
Travelers here to sup from the oasis, please heed this man so old and blind.
Heed the dirge of Gurabad, heed the enrapturing dreams of King Deshret...
Heed the disloyal souls, and heed a betrayal between companions.

Legend has it that when the Lord of Flowers passed, her countless Jinn turned to serve King Deshret.
King Deshret searched in vain for the ancient paradise where the divine needle fell, and there created an eternal oasis...
Among the greatest Jinn was one named Ferigees, granted governance of the oasis by King Deshret.
To protect her mistress' slumber, she once used her powers to keep the springs ever-flowing,
And so she spread greenery across the desert like stars in the sky, providing sanctuary to folk who had lost their homes...

Later, under the guidance of the Jinni Liloupar, the vassal states of the mortal kingdoms built their cities around the "Eternal Oasis."
Bearing loyalty to the Lord of Flowers and compassion for the newborn realms, Ferigees decided to make a sacrifice.
Disobeying the charge given to her by King Deshret, the great Jinni caged her own body in shackles of frost,
Turning herself into a seal in the shape of a crystalline cup, restraining the wrath of the vast sands, guarding the cities of the mortals with her immobile form...

"But there is a season for all things, and thus all things must change. As we lean on each other today, so too will we abandon each other tomorrow."
"To lose the freedom which the Jinn are so proud of and a vessel that can partake in joy and love, to feel the diminishment of one's spirit by the day."
"The nymph of the water lilies drew mortal kings into her machinations with honey-tinged lies, and the Lord of the Sands sank deep into a dream of madness..." 
"But I have long been waiting — always waiting — in a sleepless dream... Waiting for the King of Sand to fulfill his ancient promise."

Mind and body festooned with wretched machinery, she awaits the end of her mistress' slumber,
Bearing a sullen hope as she silently guards the broken dreams of this empire of sand.
Even should the spring be mixed with bitter gravel, even if the oasis is swallowed by sand...
Even amidst the eternal pulsing of machines, she listens for the coming of the footsteps that will bring change.

"But, my teachers so sightless, I was born into a slave's chains, and had everything taken from me when I was young..."
"Might I, abandoned by the fates like the dunes of sand as I was, be worthy of a change in my fortunes?"
