
Legend has it that a thousand years ago, in the era when the foolish king was buried beneath the dunes,
Many short-lived city-states were scattered throughout the barren, boundless, gilded land.
This greatsword belongs to the dancer Makhaira, who was once the tyrant's concubine.
With her ruthless sword dance, she won the king's favor as well as the prince's attention.

The noble king of the decaying kingdom was obese and haughty, reveling in gourmet food, wine, and hunting all day and every day.
No different from any other kings of that decadent age, he indulged himself in endless conquest, destruction, and the hoarding of loot.

When all things sank into the dark night, the water-colored moonlight soothed the manic kingdom, and everything there fell asleep,
The overweight tyrant could not bear the torpor and fell into a deep slumber amidst the misty voices of the Seelie, his snores echoing throughout his chambers like rolling thunder...
The enchanting concubine had already seen the signs of destruction, so she polished her sword and prepared for one final dance.
The young prince had already foreseen the signs of devastation, so he came to meet the distraught Makhaira at night.

"What comes from the searing sands will eventually be buried beneath them. Even if the desert is as cold as ice on long nights, its fiery fate shall never be forgotten."
"If this is your decision, then please do me a favor, and please allow me to contribute but a little something to this old country that has long since fallen."
"Just a little revenge shall remove the burden on both our hearts. The one addicted to hunting shall finally be executed by the falcon he spoils."
"My mother, a Jinni, taught me the seven-fold sword dance. If I win the throne for you, I shall no longer have to flatter others, and that will satisfy me."

The conspiracy to bring down the kingdom was thus drawn up on the bed-mattress, and the gentle words of the lovers were also sharp blades.
The tyrant thus returned to the land of searing sands in an ugly fashion, and the great cause of conquering kingdoms and harems finally vanished into thin air.
The rise and fall of the city-state were but a drunken dream, during which the kind and the evil alike were crushed by an immense millstone like wheat husks.
The concubine adept at her sword-dancing failed to become the queen in the end, and the wise old retainer who survived to tell the story too lost his eyes.
The displaced, thrown into the sea of sand by the whirlpool that consumed everything, became wanderers or mercenaries before being engulfed by the forest...